Documentation Update: Unmerging and Deleting Events. (#7281)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/docs/product/accounts/membership.mdx

If "Open Membership" is toggled off, team access is on an invite-only basis. Users can request to join a team and invite others to join their teams, but access requests and invitations must be approved by an Org Manager, Org Owner, or a Team Admin for that team. Org Admins who aren't part of the team also need to follow this process to join. Once they join, they automatically become a Team Admin.

### Unmerge and Delete Events

> By default, the **Let Members Delete Events** option in **Settings > General Settings** is enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the "Let Members Delete Events" option in **Settings > General Settings** is enabled.
```

> When this option is enabled, members are granted the `event:admin` scope and allowed to delete and unmerge events, including the delete and discard actions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When this option is enabled, members are granted the `event:admin` scope and allowed to delete, discard, and unmerge events.
```

> If the "Let Members Delete Events" option is disabled, members will still be able to merge events, but they will not have the ability to unmerge them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the "Let Members Delete Events" option is disabled, members can still merge events, but can't unmerge them.
```

> 

Reviewer: If an org member is a team admin, will they have the ability to delete events for their projects even if the option is disabled?
